h1. Products Introdution

h2. Product Composition

# ShopQi official website
# Shop Admin
# Shop layout manager
# Shop display

h1. Installation

h2. Development Environment

ubuntu 10.04
vim 7.2 ("http://github.com/saberma/vimfiles":http://github.com/saberma/vimfiles)

h2. System Installation

bq. 
The following process is based on ubuntu 10.04

h3. Softwares that development environment depends 

pre. 
# ruby also need to install (or install ruby1.9.2 by rvm will report make: *** [miniprelude.c] Error 1 error)
sudo apt-get install build-essential bison openssl libreadline6 libreadline-dev curl git-core graphicsmagick \
  zlib1g zlib1g-dev libssl-dev vim libsqlite3-0 libsqlite3-dev sqlite3 libxml2-dev subversion autoconf ruby ruby-dev
# Webrat plug-in required
sudo apt-get install libxslt1-dev libxml2-dev

h3. RVM Installation

pre. 
bash << (curl http://rvm.beginrescueend.com/releases/rvm-install-head)
vim ~/.bashrc

#Add the following statement to the bottom of @~/.bashrc@
@[[-S "$HOME/.rvm/scripts/rvm"]] && source "$HOME/.rvm/scripts/rvm"@

pre. 
#Install ruby 1.9.2, rails3 ruby version of the recommended
#Note that Ruby 1.8.7 p248 and p249 have marshaling bugs that crash Rails 3.0.
#Ruby Enterprise Edition have these fixed since release 1.8.7-2010.02 though.
#On the 1.9 front, Ruby 1.9.1 is not usable because it outright segfaults on Rails 3.0,
#So if you want to use Rails 3 with 1.9.x jump on 1.9.2 for smooth sailing.
rvm install 1.9.2-head
rvm 1.9.2-head --default

h3. Rails3 Installation

pre. 
gem install tzinfo builder memcache-client rack rack-test rack-mount erubis mail text-format thor bundler i18n --no-ri --no-rdoc
gem install rails --pre --no-ri --no-rdoc
#If the following error report, you will need to manually download and install rack1.1.0 RubyGems.org the gem package
## ERROR: Error installing rails:
## Actionpack requires rack (~> 1.1.0, runtime)

h3. Mongodb Database Installation

Add the following statement to @/etc/apt/source.list@

pre. 
#Mongodb source
deb http://downloads.mongodb.org/distros/ubuntu 10.4 10gen

Execute in the terminal

pre. 
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install mongodb-stable

bq. 
*Note:*
Illegal shutdown operations may cause mongodb not start, you need to manually run the following statement unlock mongod before restart

pre. 
sudo rm /var/lib/mongodb/mongod.lock
mongod --repair

h3. Rails IDE Installation

Please refer to rails on vim installation ("http://github.com/saberma/vimfiles":http://github.com/saberma/vimfiles)

h2. Get the shopqi source

pre. 
cd ~/Documents
git clone git://github.com/saberma/shopqi.git 
cd shopqi
gem install unicorn
#install gem
bundle install
#get juggernaut
git submodule update --init
pushd vendor/others/juggernaut
git submodule update --init
popd

h1. Development

pre. 
#Load the basic data
rake db:seed
#Start the development
unicorn -p 8088
#Start juggernaut(use for showing realtime tasks)
redis-server
pushd vendor/others/juggernaut
#if redis server doesn't start, we will get: Error: ECONNREFUSED, Connection refused
sudo node server.js

Click the following url to see the page

"ShopQi official website @ http://lvh.me:8088":http://lvh.me:8088
"Shop Admin @ http://lvh.me:8088/user_root":http://lvh.me:8088/user_root
"Shop layout manager @ http://vancl.lvh.me:8088":http://vancl.lvh.me:8088

h1. Contribute

If you are interested in the product, you can:

# Fork this
# Add features or fix bug
# Write the corresponding test case
# Send a pull request

How to solve the commit conflict (ie github's forkqueue show "Will likely not apply cleanly"), you need to manually merge the branch

pre. 
git remote add shopqi git://github.com/saberma/shopqi.git
git pull shopqi master
# fix file conflict manually ...
git commit -a -m 'merge from shopqi'
git push origin master

Click here to see which features need to be develope
"Http://www.pivotaltracker.com/projects/84595":http://www.pivotaltracker.com/projects/84595

Shopqi follow the git standardized development process, please refer to "http://saberma.me/git/2010/10/25/git-flow.html":http://saberma.me/git/2010/10/25/git-flow.html

h1. Support

# email: mahb45 # gmail.com

h1. License

Products follow the license: "GNU Affero GPL 3":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html
